SHORT BIOGRAPHY:
Please write a short biography. This is what will be displayed immediately under your links and image at the top of your profile. This can be very short or it can be a bit longer. It is important that it is well written, and free of grammatical/spelling errors.


Nate received his BS in Mechanical Engineering from Iowa State University in 2011. Throughout his four years of undergraduate, he spent much of his time deeply involved in the technical side of various extracurricular groups, most notably Team PrISUm, ISU's solar-powered electric vehicle project. Nate led the design of the 10th vehicle as the team's Mechanical Director, where he gained many great friends, learned a ton, and had a great time! Retrospectively, he is grateful to have had the opportunity to help advance highly efficient electric vehicles and usher in the future of sustainable transport.

After graduating, Nate began his career at Caterpillar's engineering headquarters in Peoria, Illinois. He quickly advanced through various positions in the Advanced Components & Systems Division, experiencing all facets of design, manufacturing, testing and development, product support, and program management. The solutions he helped implement increased product life, improved customer perception, and created customer value in the form of fuel efficiency gains and increased uptime.

Outside of work, Nate spent even more time honing his technical skills. Over the course of two years, he designed, built, and tested a homemade CNC router in order to create components for other projects. More recently, he started tinkering with Arduino and Raspberry Pi projects, and began teaching himself to program in C++ and reading up on a few other languages.

Now pursuing his MS in Robotics at Northwestern University, Nate plans to focus on areas such as localization and planning, machine learning, AI, computer vision, embedded systems, and algorithm development - essentially everything related to helping a robot navigate its environment. He hopes to combine his mechanical expertise with the skills and concepts learned in the program to rapidly advance the exciting field of autonomy. He believes his creativity, enthusiasm for the field, and maker mentality will be assets to any team he joins in the future.

***provide links to prISUm and other



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
If you'd like to provide a description of your professional experience, do it here. Try to follow the formatting that is already on the MSR profiles.

Design Engineer, Caterpillar Inc.
    Extensive experience designing complex mechanical systems and their constituent components. Multiple positions held over 5+ years with a focus in automatic powershift transmissions and advanced electric drivetrains.

